README.md, before:

WARNING!!!
THIS MOD IS LIKE VERY VERY LIKE EXTREMELY NOT DONE, the idea's there but like im a new gen so idk what im doing

-- Ideas and concepts I want to add --
---------------

### 1
Remove almost all vanilla objects, this would include, Consumables, Jokers, Suits, Decks, Vouchers and possibly more if I think hard enough.

### 2
Change Mult out for "Luck", in gameplay its the exact same, but in visuals it will change, possibly just with green instead of red. This might be removed in later iterations

### 3
Create a unique idea for Vouchers, by changing them into the phone call options you get at the start of each round of CloverPit, make 3 of them, make them free, then remove 2 after you purchase one

### 4
Add the Drawers from the game, which in cloverpit allow you to keep Charms from past runs, but now only is used as a storage for 2 objects, may that be consumables, jokers or maybe even cards

### 5
Obviously adding the 666's from cloverpit would be a main goal in mind, but currently i dont know how I would implement this, if you have ideas ping me in the #dev-brainstorming channel in the smods discord server

### 6
Make Chips stay between rounds, and can be spent on extra hands


-- Implemented ideas --
---------------

uhh yo mama

Commit message:

Implemented "Phone calls", fixed rham only activating when not on 1 hand

README.md, after:

WARNING!!!
THIS MOD IS LIKE VERY VERY LIKE EXTREMELY NOT DONE, the idea's there but like im a new gen so idk what im doing

-- Ideas and concepts I want to add --
---------------

### 1
Remove almost all vanilla objects, this would include, Consumables, Jokers, Suits, Decks, Vouchers and possibly more if I think hard enough.

### 2
Change Mult out for "Luck", in gameplay its the exact same, but in visuals it will change, possibly just with green instead of red. This might be removed in later iterations

### 3
Create a unique idea for Vouchers, by changing them into the phone call options you get at the start of each round of CloverPit, make 3 of them, make them free, then remove 2 after you purchase one

### 4
Add the Drawers from the game, which in cloverpit allow you to keep Charms from past runs, but now only is used as a storage for 2 objects, may that be consumables, jokers or maybe even cards

### 5
Obviously adding the 666's from cloverpit would be a main goal in mind, but currently i dont know how I would implement this, if you have ideas ping me in the #dev-brainstorming channel in the smods discord server

### 6
Make Chips stay between rounds, and can be spent on extra hands


-- Implemented ideas --
---------------

Phone calls!! meaning you get 3 vouchers, and then after a choice is made you lose the other 2
